hello everyone it's Caroline here
Caroline Hawley I wanted to I'm so
excited today about this awesome new
virtual profit network I wanted to get
on here real quick do a quick video let
you know what's going on I do want to
let you know that yes I am a real person
here I am here's a photo of me this is
my name is Caroline this is my retired
racing greyhound he's awesome he's about
nine years old and he's a great dog but
anyway want to show you who I am yes I
am a real person ok virtual profit
network guys Larry Beecham has done it
again this thing is incredible I started
this last night just to give you a quick
overview what we're going to do here I'm
just going to show you capture face and
show you a few things on get you going
on the system you can make twenty
dollars potentially make twenty dollar
Commission's all day long with this very
simple turnkey Larry did a great job
with the videos they are phenomenal they
walk you through step one two three and
that's it so um I want to show this is
the capture page you can fortune to your
own this shows you know really nice
really nice graphics here we do work
with fortune 500 companies are no
different companies that offer the trial
offers this is with free factor calm
these root these these are these offers
come through free factor um sorry if I'm
kind of all over the place I was up to 1
a.m. this morning and getting this thing
started it didn't take that long for me
to get you started I've done this stuff
before I've done online marketing now
for about three years I've work come
home since 2004 when the real estate
market fell out no way I had to do
something else so I've been doing lots
of good things online these are some of
the things that I do this is a great
system virtual profit network on you
your referrals go in they complete one
offer that's it not you know not two
three four one offer they're qualified
do what you do are now you can go in
here uh you know you put in your name
here I'm going to actually do a test
real quick to show you they put in their
name their email i'll go ahead and just
put an email in here I won't put a phone
but you want to put your phone number in
here find out more okay so what we're
going to do here just takes you into
Larry's video and as you can see I want
to some of them let's see well you know
what I need stop the video sorry guy ok
so that would take you into the system I
orientation where Larry goes through
what he does is so so good I'm ready to
go through just for a second as you can
see the graphics are incredible on this
thing so it's going to take you through
step one step two step three um to allow
your potential refer referrals to do a
trial offer i'll complete that offer it
takes you into a back office system set
that up which i'll show you that real
quick now this is the back office this
shows the virtual profit network
training i won't go into that too much I
don't want to go in my personal info if
you don't show up you know home address
and stuff but it's set up real well and
then you've got your you know you could
be your leads here you can do all kinds
of things are you can see your capture
pages here there's a couple different
ones to pick from but this thing is so
turnkey guys I will be honest with you I
don't know if I mentioned this but I put
an ad up what a.m. this morning i
believe it was something like that and
within about 30 minutes i had a sale I
got an email I'm the one that doesn't
sleep i watch my phone all night i'm
addicted to online marketing and all
that so i get so excited but i had a
sale within about 30 minutes oh that's
incredible so this allows you to again
put your personal info you your stature
lead you capture pages you can send a
broadcast out to all of your leads are
you can do your auto responders are in
here they're really good we can actually
look at that real quick there's Wi-Fi
sorry turn down for you you can use
Aweber with this if you'd like I you
suspect system back office because it's
so good so you have banners you have
different things like that now but i
want to show you real quick um Larry
sent an email to me showing a paypal cut
so I want to give you guys he's doing
well with this this is for march nine
through march 26 look at these numbers
80 bucks for 4200 180 6040 that's good
stuff so this thing is a great new
system I am ecstatic as you can see now
what I would like you to do if you don't
mind is to go you know to your read link
at the bottom of this video please go
there go to my I must as a sponsor I
love to help you all you do is put your
fast on any free entity such as
craigslist you are put on facebook group
any type of information that you like
about this opportunity you use proof
pages after you get going there's
different things you can do but this
thing is so turnkey the videos go from
step one step two step three they're
done you get paid all day long so guys
go to the link below this video I love
to help you he in its Caroline here i'll
see you on the other side guide